[shopsys] all constants now have set their visibility (#1181)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-v8.0.0.md

    - the namespace of `FriendlyUrlDataProviderInterface` and `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry` has changed from `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl\CompilerPass` to `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl` so change all your usages accordingly
    - you no longer need to tag your `FriendlyUrlDataProviders` with `shopsys.friendly_url_provider` because it is now done automatically
    - remove the usages of `RegisterFriendlyUrlDataProviderCompilerPass` class and `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry::registerFriendlyUrlDataProvider` method because they have been removed

> - run `php phing phpstan` in order to check, that you are not using any private or protected constant ([#1181](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1181))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- run `php phing phpstan` in order to check, that you are not using any private or protected constant from outside of the class where the constant is declared ([#1181](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1181))
```

Author: Done

>     - if you have been using `NoUselessAccessFixer` or `ConstantVisibilityRequiredSniff` beware that these coding standards and has been replaced by `VisibilityRequiredFixer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `Shopsys\CodingStandards\CsFixer\Phpdoc\NoUselessAccessFixer` has been removed, if you have been using it, you can use `PhpCsFixer\Fixer\Phpdoc\PhpdocNoAccessFixer` instead
    - `Shopsys\CodingStandards\Sniffs\ConstantVisibilityRequiredSniff` has been removed, if you have been using it, use `VisibilityRequiredFixer` with the following setting instead:
    ```
	PhpCsFixer\Fixer\ClassNotation\VisibilityRequiredFixer:
        elements:
            - 'property'
            - 'method'
            - 'const'
	```
```

Author: Done
